Or is my niece waiting for me?
What a good thing.
Grandpa likes it.
Right.
A Huc has a gift for you.
Mary, a gift under the conditions of the Zhang Xudong family.
Sir, this is my little thought.
I want to see.
Isn't this for sale on the floor?
Don't be ashamed if you don't have money.
Tran Hao Huc Dong is my savior.
Don't be ridiculous here.
If you do that again, get out of here.
From the East, you can come.
Chinh Ngoc
Sir, this is Ice Flower Jade.
Is the best product in jade
How can this kid buy it?
No shame in being fake
I'm not that old yet.
Where did Ngoc come from?
This is my husband who escaped from Thien Duc Cac.
You will still enter the treasure
Know a thing or two.
What a nice guy.
Talent
The future will definitely be around adults.
Know.
Today is your birthday
Another good day.
I consider taking the day of Van Kiet and Mary.
Put it down.